// this file was generated automatically by the snowball to java compiler
package net sf snowball ext
import net sf snowball snowballprogram
import net sf snowball among
/**
* generated class implementing code defined by a snowball script.
*/
public class italianstemmer extends snowballprogram
private among a_0
new among       1  7     this
new among      0  6     this
new among      0  1     this
new among      0  2     this
new among      0  3     this
new among      0  4     this
new among      0  5     this
private among a_1
new among       1  3     this
new among      0  1     this
new among      0  2     this
private among a_2
new among       1   1     this
new among      0   1     this
new among      0   1     this
new among      0   1     this
new among      0   1     this
new among      0   1     this
new among       1   1     this
new among      6   1     this
new among      6   1     this
new among      6   1     this
new among      6   1     this
new among      6   1     this
new among       1   1     this
new among      12   1     this
new among      12   1     this
new among      12   1     this
new among      12   1     this
new among      12   1     this
new among      12   1     this
new among       1   1     this
new among       1   1     this
new among      20   1     this
new among      20   1     this
new among      20   1     this
new among      20   1     this
new among      20   1     this
new among      20   1     this
new among       1   1     this
new among       1   1     this
new among       1   1     this
new among       1   1     this
new among       1   1     this
new among      31   1     this
new among      31   1     this
new among      31   1     this
new among      31   1     this
new among      31   1     this
private among a_3
new among       1  1     this
new among       1  1     this
new among       1  2     this
new among       1  2     this
new among       1  2     this
private among a_4
new among       1   1     this
new among       1   1     this
new among       1   1     this
new among       1  1     this
private among a_5
new among       1  1     this
new among       1  1     this
new among       1  1     this
private among a_6
new among       1  1     this
new among       1  3     this
new among       1  1     this
new among       1  1     this
new among       1  9     this
new among       1  1     this
new among       1  5     this
new among       1  1     this
new among      7  1     this
new among       1  1     this
new among       1  3     this
new among       1  1     this
new among       1  1     this
new among       1  4     this
new among       1  2     this
new among       1  4     this
new among       1  2     this
new among       1  1     this
new among       1  1     this
new among      18  7     this
new among       1  1     this
new among       1  9     this
new among       1  1     this
new among       1  5     this
new among       1  1     this
new among      24  1     this
new among       1  1     this
new among       1  1     this
new among       1  1     this
new among       1  1     this
new among       1  4     this
new among       1  2     this
new among       1  4     this
new among       1  2     this
new among       1  1     this
new among       1  6     this
new among       1  6     this
new among       1  1     this
new among       1  9     this
new among       1  1     this
new among       1  1     this
new among       1  1     this
new among       1  6     this
new among       1  6     this
new among       1  9     this
new among       1  8     this
new among       1  1     this
new among       1  1     this
new among       1  1     this
private among a_7
new among       1  1     this
new among       1  1     this
new among       1  1     this
new among       1  1     this
new among       1  1     this
new among       1  1     this
new among       1  1     this
new among       1  1     this
new among       1  1     this
new among       1  1     this
new among       1  1     this
new among       1  1     this
new among       1  1     this
new among       1  1     this
new among       1  1     this
new among       1  1     this
new among       1  1     this
new among      16  1     this
new among      16  1     this
new among      16  1     this
new among       1  1     this
new among      20  1     this
new among      20  1     this
new among       1  1     this
new among       1  1     this
new among       1  1     this
new among       1  1     this
new among       1  1     this
new among       1  1     this
new among       1  1     this
new among       1  1     this
new among       1  1     this
new among       1  1     this
new among       1  1     this
new among       1  1     this
new among       1  1     this
new among       1  1     this
new among       1  1     this
new among       1  1     this
new among       1  1     this
new among       1  1     this
new among       1  1     this
new among       1  1     this
new among       1  1     this
new among       1  1     this
new among       1  1     this
new among       1  1     this
new among       1  1     this
new among       1  1     this
new among       1  1     this
new among       1  1     this
new among       1  1     this
new among       1  1     this
new among       1  1     this
new among       1  1     this
new among      54  1     this
new among      54  1     this
new among       1  1     this
new among       1  1     this
new among      58  1     this
new among      58  1     this
new among      58  1     this
new among      58  1     this
new among       1  1     this
new among       1  1     this
new among       1  1     this
new among      65  1     this
new among      65  1     this
new among      65  1     this
new among      65  1     this
new among       1  1     this
new among       1  1     this
new among       1  1     this
new among       1  1     this
new among       1  1     this
new among       1  1     this
new among       1  1     this
new among       1  1     this
new among       1  1     this
new among       1  1     this
new among       1  1     this
new among       1  1     this
new among       1  1     this
new among       1  1     this
new among       1  1     this
new among       1  1     this
new among       1  1     this
private static final char g_v    17  65  16  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  128  128  8  2  1
private static final char g_aeio    17  65  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  128  128  8  2
private static final char g_cg    17
private int i_p2
private int i_p1
private int i_pv
private void copy_from italianstemmer other
i_p2   other i_p2
i_p1   other i_p1
i_pv   other i_pv
super copy_from other
private boolean r_prelude
int among_var
int v_1
int v_2
int v_3
int v_4
int v_5
// (, line 34
// test, line 35
v_1   cursor
// repeat, line 35
replab0  while true
v_2   cursor
lab1  do
// (, line 35
// [, line 36
bra   cursor
// substring, line 36
among_var   find_among a_0  7
if  among_var    0
break lab1
// ], line 36
ket   cursor
switch among_var
case 0
break lab1
case 1
// (, line 37
// <-, line 37
slice_from
break
case 2
// (, line 38
// <-, line 38
slice_from
break
case 3
// (, line 39
// <-, line 39
slice_from
break
case 4
// (, line 40
// <-, line 40
slice_from
break
case 5
// (, line 41
// <-, line 41
slice_from
break
case 6
// (, line 42
// <-, line 42
slice_from
break
case 7
// (, line 43
// next, line 43
if  cursor >  limit
break lab1
cursor
break
continue replab0
while  false
cursor   v_2
break replab0
cursor   v_1
// repeat, line 46
replab2  while true
v_3   cursor
lab3  do
// goto, line 46
golab4  while true
v_4   cursor
lab5  do
// (, line 46
if    in_grouping g_v  97  249
break lab5
// [, line 47
bra   cursor
// or, line 47
lab6  do
v_5   cursor
lab7  do
// (, line 47
// literal, line 47
if    eq_s 1
break lab7
// ], line 47
ket   cursor
if    in_grouping g_v  97  249
break lab7
// <-, line 47
slice_from
break lab6
while  false
cursor   v_5
// (, line 48
// literal, line 48
if    eq_s 1
break lab5
// ], line 48
ket   cursor
if    in_grouping g_v  97  249
break lab5
// <-, line 48
slice_from
while  false
cursor   v_4
break golab4
while  false
cursor   v_4
if  cursor >  limit
break lab3
cursor
continue replab2
while  false
cursor   v_3
break replab2
return true
private boolean r_mark_regions
int v_1
int v_2
int v_3
int v_6
int v_8
// (, line 52
i_pv   limit
i_p1   limit
i_p2   limit
// do, line 58
v_1   cursor
lab0  do
// (, line 58
// or, line 60
lab1  do
v_2   cursor
lab2  do
// (, line 59
if    in_grouping g_v  97  249
break lab2
// or, line 59
lab3  do
v_3   cursor
lab4  do
// (, line 59
if    out_grouping g_v  97  249
break lab4
// gopast, line 59
golab5  while true
lab6  do
if    in_grouping g_v  97  249
break lab6
break golab5
while  false
if  cursor >  limit
break lab4
cursor
break lab3
while  false
cursor   v_3
// (, line 59
if    in_grouping g_v  97  249
break lab2
// gopast, line 59
golab7  while true
lab8  do
if    out_grouping g_v  97  249
break lab8
break golab7
while  false
if  cursor >  limit
break lab2
cursor
while  false
break lab1
while  false
cursor   v_2
// (, line 61
if    out_grouping g_v  97  249
break lab0
// or, line 61
lab9  do
v_6   cursor
lab10  do
// (, line 61
if    out_grouping g_v  97  249
break lab10
// gopast, line 61
golab11  while true
lab12  do
if    in_grouping g_v  97  249
break lab12
break golab11
while  false
if  cursor >  limit
break lab10
cursor
break lab9
while  false
cursor   v_6
// (, line 61
if    in_grouping g_v  97  249
break lab0
// next, line 61
if  cursor >  limit
break lab0
cursor
while  false
while  false
// setmark pv, line 62
i_pv   cursor
while  false
cursor   v_1
// do, line 64
v_8   cursor
lab13  do
// (, line 64
// gopast, line 65
golab14  while true
lab15  do
if    in_grouping g_v  97  249
break lab15
break golab14
while  false
if  cursor >  limit
break lab13
cursor
// gopast, line 65
golab16  while true
lab17  do
if    out_grouping g_v  97  249
break lab17
break golab16
while  false
if  cursor >  limit
break lab13
cursor
// setmark p1, line 65
i_p1   cursor
// gopast, line 66
golab18  while true
lab19  do
if    in_grouping g_v  97  249
break lab19
break golab18
while  false
if  cursor >  limit
break lab13
cursor
// gopast, line 66
golab20  while true
lab21  do
if    out_grouping g_v  97  249
break lab21
break golab20
while  false
if  cursor >  limit
break lab13
cursor
// setmark p2, line 66
i_p2   cursor
while  false
cursor   v_8
return true
private boolean r_postlude
int among_var
int v_1
// repeat, line 70
replab0  while true
v_1   cursor
lab1  do
// (, line 70
// [, line 72
bra   cursor
// substring, line 72
among_var   find_among a_1  3
if  among_var    0
break lab1
// ], line 72
ket   cursor
switch among_var
case 0
break lab1
case 1
// (, line 73
// <-, line 73
slice_from
break
case 2
// (, line 74
// <-, line 74
slice_from
break
case 3
// (, line 75
// next, line 75
if  cursor >  limit
break lab1
cursor
break
continue replab0
while  false
cursor   v_1
break replab0
return true
private boolean r_rv
if    i_pv <  cursor
return false
return true
private boolean r_r1
if    i_p1 <  cursor
return false
return true
private boolean r_r2
if    i_p2 <  cursor
return false
return true
private boolean r_attached_pronoun
int among_var
// (, line 86
// [, line 87
ket   cursor
// substring, line 87
if  find_among_b a_2  37     0
return false
// ], line 87
bra   cursor
// among, line 97
among_var   find_among_b a_3  5
if  among_var    0
return false
// (, line 97
// call rv, line 97
if   r_rv
return false
switch among_var
case 0
return false
case 1
// (, line 98
// delete, line 98
slice_del
break
case 2
// (, line 99
// <-, line 99
slice_from
break
return true
private boolean r_standard_suffix
int among_var
int v_1
int v_2
int v_3
int v_4
// (, line 103
// [, line 104
ket   cursor
// substring, line 104
among_var   find_among_b a_6  49
if  among_var    0
return false
// ], line 104
bra   cursor
switch among_var
case 0
return false
case 1
// (, line 110
// call r2, line 110
if   r_r2
return false
// delete, line 110
slice_del
break
case 2
// (, line 112
// call r2, line 112
if   r_r2
return false
// delete, line 112
slice_del
// try, line 113
v_1   limit   cursor
lab0  do
// (, line 113
// [, line 113
ket   cursor
// literal, line 113
if    eq_s_b 2
cursor   limit   v_1
break lab0
// ], line 113
bra   cursor
// call r2, line 113
if   r_r2
cursor   limit   v_1
break lab0
// delete, line 113
slice_del
while  false
break
case 3
// (, line 116
// call r2, line 116
if   r_r2
return false
// <-, line 116
slice_from
break
case 4
// (, line 118
// call r2, line 118
if   r_r2
return false
// <-, line 118
slice_from
break
case 5
// (, line 120
// call r2, line 120
if   r_r2
return false
// <-, line 120
slice_from
break
case 6
// (, line 122
// call rv, line 122
if   r_rv
return false
// delete, line 122
slice_del
break
case 7
// (, line 123
// call r1, line 124
if   r_r1
return false
// delete, line 124
slice_del
// try, line 125
v_2   limit   cursor
lab1  do
// (, line 125
// [, line 126
ket   cursor
// substring, line 126
among_var   find_among_b a_4  4
if  among_var    0
cursor   limit   v_2
break lab1
// ], line 126
bra   cursor
// call r2, line 126
if   r_r2
cursor   limit   v_2
break lab1
// delete, line 126
slice_del
switch among_var
case 0
cursor   limit   v_2
break lab1
case 1
// (, line 127
// [, line 127
ket   cursor
// literal, line 127
if    eq_s_b 2
cursor   limit   v_2
break lab1
// ], line 127
bra   cursor
// call r2, line 127
if   r_r2
cursor   limit   v_2
break lab1
// delete, line 127
slice_del
break
while  false
break
case 8
// (, line 132
// call r2, line 133
if   r_r2
return false
// delete, line 133
slice_del
// try, line 134
v_3   limit   cursor
lab2  do
// (, line 134
// [, line 135
ket   cursor
// substring, line 135
among_var   find_among_b a_5  3
if  among_var    0
cursor   limit   v_3
break lab2
// ], line 135
bra   cursor
switch among_var
case 0
cursor   limit   v_3
break lab2
case 1
// (, line 136
// call r2, line 136
if   r_r2
cursor   limit   v_3
break lab2
// delete, line 136
slice_del
break
while  false
break
case 9
// (, line 140
// call r2, line 141
if   r_r2
return false
// delete, line 141
slice_del
// try, line 142
v_4   limit   cursor
lab3  do
// (, line 142
// [, line 142
ket   cursor
// literal, line 142
if    eq_s_b 2
cursor   limit   v_4
break lab3
// ], line 142
bra   cursor
// call r2, line 142
if   r_r2
cursor   limit   v_4
break lab3
// delete, line 142
slice_del
// [, line 142
ket   cursor
// literal, line 142
if    eq_s_b 2
cursor   limit   v_4
break lab3
// ], line 142
bra   cursor
// call r2, line 142
if   r_r2
cursor   limit   v_4
break lab3
// delete, line 142
slice_del
while  false
break
return true
private boolean r_verb_suffix
int among_var
int v_1
int v_2
// setlimit, line 147
v_1   limit   cursor
// tomark, line 147
if  cursor < i_pv
return false
cursor   i_pv
v_2   limit_backward
limit_backward   cursor
cursor   limit   v_1
// (, line 147
// [, line 148
ket   cursor
// substring, line 148
among_var   find_among_b a_7  87
if  among_var    0
limit_backward   v_2
return false
// ], line 148
bra   cursor
switch among_var
case 0
limit_backward   v_2
return false
case 1
// (, line 162
// delete, line 162
slice_del
break
limit_backward   v_2
return true
private boolean r_vowel_suffix
int v_1
int v_2
// (, line 169
// try, line 170
v_1   limit   cursor
lab0  do
// (, line 170
// [, line 171
ket   cursor
if    in_grouping_b g_aeio  97  242
cursor   limit   v_1
break lab0
// ], line 171
bra   cursor
// call rv, line 171
if   r_rv
cursor   limit   v_1
break lab0
// delete, line 171
slice_del
// [, line 172
ket   cursor
// literal, line 172
if    eq_s_b 1
cursor   limit   v_1
break lab0
// ], line 172
bra   cursor
// call rv, line 172
if   r_rv
cursor   limit   v_1
break lab0
// delete, line 172
slice_del
while  false
// try, line 174
v_2   limit   cursor
lab1  do
// (, line 174
// [, line 175
ket   cursor
// literal, line 175
if    eq_s_b 1
cursor   limit   v_2
break lab1
// ], line 175
bra   cursor
if    in_grouping_b g_cg  99  103
cursor   limit   v_2
break lab1
// call rv, line 175
if   r_rv
cursor   limit   v_2
break lab1
// delete, line 175
slice_del
while  false
return true
public boolean stem
int v_1
int v_2
int v_3
int v_4
int v_5
int v_6
int v_7
// (, line 180
// do, line 181
v_1   cursor
lab0  do
// call prelude, line 181
if   r_prelude
break lab0
while  false
cursor   v_1
// do, line 182
v_2   cursor
lab1  do
// call mark_regions, line 182
if   r_mark_regions
break lab1
while  false
cursor   v_2
// backwards, line 183
limit_backward   cursor  cursor   limit
// (, line 183
// do, line 184
v_3   limit   cursor
lab2  do
// call attached_pronoun, line 184
if   r_attached_pronoun
break lab2
while  false
cursor   limit   v_3
// do, line 185
v_4   limit   cursor
lab3  do
// (, line 185
// or, line 185
lab4  do
v_5   limit   cursor
lab5  do
// call standard_suffix, line 185
if   r_standard_suffix
break lab5
break lab4
while  false
cursor   limit   v_5
// call verb_suffix, line 185
if   r_verb_suffix
break lab3
while  false
while  false
cursor   limit   v_4
// do, line 186
v_6   limit   cursor
lab6  do
// call vowel_suffix, line 186
if   r_vowel_suffix
break lab6
while  false
cursor   limit   v_6
cursor   limit_backward                do  line 188
v_7   cursor
lab7  do
// call postlude, line 188
if   r_postlude
break lab7
while  false
cursor   v_7
return true